Feature 1: Personal Calendar
    Specific Test Cases
        User should be able to add events
        User should be able to remove events
        User should be able to edit events
    Description of Test Data
        General
            Each event will have a field for event name,date, a start and end time, a location, a URL, and notes. Only the Date and start time fields will be mandatory.
            Rules For Each field
                Event Name: Allow all alphanumeric characters
                Date: Has to be in format MM/DD/YEAR
                Start Time: Has to be in format 00:00
                End Time: Has to be in format 00:00
                Location: Allow all alphanumeric characters
                URL: Has to be a valid URL
                Notes: Allow all alphanumeric characters

                Event Name, Date and Start Time are the only required fields.
        Specific Example of Test Data 
            Adding Event
                The interview is an Interview on May 1, 2024 with a Start Time: 10:15am, End Time: 11:15am at the University Memorial Center, URL and notes are blank
            Editing Event
                Interview has been changed to a remote interview and now starts an hour earlier
    Description of Test Environment
        The test environment should be the cloud so the user's changes to the events can be accessed from other devices
    Description of Test Results
        General Behavior
            If the required fields are filled out correctly, and all other fields that are filled out match the specified format, then add the event to the calendar
            If the required fields are not filled out correctly or any field is filled out with invalid formatting, then do not add the event to the calendar, and instead prompt user to fix the field that has issues
            
        For the Example
            After Adding the Event these should be the values for each field
                Event Name: Interview, Date: May 1, 2024, Start Time: 10:15am, End Time: 11:15am, Location: University Memorial Center, URL and notes are blank
            After Editing Event, these should be the values for each field
                Event Name: Interview, Date: May 1, 2024, Start Time: 9:15am, End Time: 11:15am, Location: University Memorial Center,URL and notes are blank
            After Deleting Event 
                All fields should not contain any values
    Details about User Acceptance Testers
        User acceptance testers will be told about the function of the calendar and the formatting requirements for each field.





Feature 2: Weather Display
    Specific Test Cases
        User should be able to see the weather for their current location
        User should receive updates for the weather
    Description of Test Data 
        User should go to a specific location and check the weather. Then the user should move to another location and see if the weather updates appropriately.
    Description of Test Environment
        The test environment should be in the cloud to make sure the user is getting the real-time data.
    Description of Test Results
        User should get accurate weather information for their current location, and if they move to an area with a different forecast they should receive the updated weather.
    Details about User Acceptance Testers
        User acceptance testers need to be able to move between locations with different forecasts and have internet access at each location.

Feature 3: To-Do Lists
    Specific Test Cases
       Users should be able to add items to the list
       Users should be able to change the status of each item between To-Do, In Progress and Completed
    Description of Test Data 
        The name of the item to the list can have any alphanumeric character, and has to be filled out with at least one character
        Every item has to have an associated status.
        Data will be tested by adding items to the list and changing the status of some items, then closing the application and checking if the changes were maintained.
    Description of Test Environment
        The testing environment should be the cloud so changes will be updated.
    Description of Test Results
      All modifications made to items on the list should be saved to the cloud  
    Details about User Acceptance Testers
        User acceptance testers will be told what the list does, and they will be told that every item has to have at least one character and an associated status.